re-added summary of platforms to changes summary (#487)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/7-to-8/major-changes/platforms.rst

   .. code-block:: console

>       WARNING - Task <task>: deprecated "host" and "batch system" use "platform".

Author: Is there any way of automating this?

Reviewer: Automating what? (Sorry if I'm being dense!)

Author: grabbing the actual error message as currently formatted.

>       WARNING - Task <task>: deprecated "host" and "batch system" use "platform".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      WARNING - Task <task>: deprecated "host" and "batch system"; use "platform".
```

           # Without a hosts, platform name is used as a single host.

       [[pbs_local]]

>            # Some compute with PBS takes local submissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           # Some computer with PBS, that takes local job submissions
```
?

>            # Some computer with PBS, that takes local job submissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           # A computer with PBS, that takes local job submissions
```

           job runner = pbs
           hosts = localhost

       [[slurm_supercomputer]]

>            # This compute with slurm requires you to use a login node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           # This computer with slurm requires you to use a login node.
```

>            # This computer with slurm requires you to use a login node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           # This computer with Slurm requires you to use a login node.
```

           hosts = login_node01, login_node02  # Cylc will pick a host.
           job runner = slurm

   [platform groups]
       [[just_run_it]]

>           # You want it run, but not worried about where.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          # You want to run it, but do not care where.
```
